https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJat_nicj9c&list=PLY1Fi4XflWSvtu963rZpfH6WeX54vSrDW

1. It is okay to make mistakes: 
(1) The metrics are not making any sense 
(2) I think the better metric is instead of spend time on the 'wrong' metrics 

2. Quality is more important then quantity: 
3 points of solid metrics: 
clear definition/how and why?

3. Ensure interact the interviewer: 
Engage with the interviewer and strong communication 
confirm the ideas, do you want to talk about/ Check in the interviewrs 

4. Always Clarify Questions (Fully understand the questions)  
CTR = Total Clicks/ Total People 
What is the goal.What data do we have for supporting the details 
Ask if it is makes sense. 

5. Structure your answer: 2 mins 
Provide a structure and back into details 

6. Red Flags: 
(1) No idea how to approach the problem 
(2) Too many ideas (sound random) 

7. Follow Framework Blindly
Consider the Context 

8. Not being able to defend my ideas 
Why metric A or metric B is better 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCNsI0TtNGw&list=PLY1Fi4XflWSvtu963rZpfH6WeX54vSrDW&index=2
Meta Questions: How to improve a product 

1. Depends on the interview type 
2. Still looking for a structure answer 
Sample Question: 
How to improve user retention on Twitter? 
How to improve engagement on facebook? 
How to improve what is on your mind facebook? 
How to improve what's app and what feature you would love to add to it? 

Steps to do these: 
1. Ask clarifying questions 
   -- Be clear about the goal and how does the goal related to engagement, retention and revenue 
   -- Narrow down to specific feature (Twitter has diverse features, tweets, which ones we should focus on) 
   -- Facebook: Improve what is on your mind in facebook? 

2. Narrow down the topic and brainstorm the ideas: 
   -- Analyze Customer Journey Map: How can we remove friction on using the features 
      -- Increase Awareness of the product 
      -- Push Notification 
      -- Use a pop-up window 
      -- Increase the size of the component 
         Break down into the Scenarios: 
          (1) Did not knwo what to say 
          (2) Spend time but did not enter text 
          (3) Abandon the post 
              Solution: Provide dates/
          Some people kown what they are exactly looking for, but still abandom the post: 
               In an email of notification  
    -- Segmentation: 
         Users never posted - identify key needs for the users  (do not know how to use it) 
            -- Provide detail instructions 
            -- do not have enough friends 
         Users have not post in a while: 
            -- likes and comments (cannalization) 
            -- criticism (remove negative comments) 
            Address different needs to different people 
         Post but end up posting: 
            - controversial 
              Send even more controversial content 

      Compare the inactive user and use ML models for the users 
              study what affects the posting 
      Or modeling user behavior: 
              Importance to find out what affects the posting behavior 
      Focus on the group: Increase marketing efferts  

      Product Manager: Focus on reduce friction / Not to mention ML 
      DS: Analyze User Behavior/ Turn Inactive user to active user 

      Recommendation: Priorization of ideas
      Quant Analysis 
      Cost Effective Solution 

      Follow-up question/ 
      Define the Success Metrics 
      Design the experiments 
      (For the experiment design phrase, we should be careful about the two sided markets and the social networks) 
      Summary: Summarize the approach, business impact, how to define metrics, and how to tests what to expect 
      
          
         
          
   


